Create LICENSE.md (#3)
gretton-dann/gretton-dann.github.io: LICENSE.md

# Licenses

## Web Page content

> The content (text and photos, excluding comments) of web-pages is Copyright 2005-2020 Matthew and Judith Gretton-Dann.

Author: ```suggestion
Except as otherwise mentioned the content of web-pages is Copyright 2003-2020 Matthew and Judith Gretton-Dann.
```
